ADF-3323 Add support for international address autocomplete (#61)
AddressFinder/addressfinder-bigcommerce: DEVELOPMENT.md

If you are debugging a customer site, you can type `addressfinderDebugMode()` into the javascript console. This will reinitialise the widget,
with the debug flag set to true, so you can see console logs from the addressfinder-webpage-tools npm package.
This works in Chrome and FireFox

> # Trouble Shooting

Reviewer: This is generally one word I think. Otherwise it refers to a problem caused by a faulty firearm 😆

### Legacy packages

> Depending on your machine packages you have installed it is posssible you may run into OpenSSL implementations of algorithms that have been deemed legacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the machine packages you have installed it is possible you may run into OpenSSL implementations of algorithms that have been deemed legacy.
```
